Chainlink Node Release 1.8.0 (#926)
smartcontractkit/documentation: docs/chainlink-nodes/node-versions.md

You can find a list of release notes for Chainlink nodes in the [smartcontractkit GitHub repository](https://github.com/smartcontractkit/chainlink/releases). Docker images are available in the [Chainlink Docker hub](https://hub.docker.com/r/smartcontract/chainlink/tags).

## Changes in v1.8.0 nodes

**[v1.8.0 release notes](https://github.com/smartcontractkit/chainlink/releases/tag/v1.8.0)**

### Added

> - Added the `hexencode` and `base64encode` tasks (pipeline). See the [Hex Encode Task](/docs/jobs/task-types/hexencode/) and [Hex Decode Task](/docs/jobs/task-types/hexdecode/) pages for examples.
> - `forwardingAllowed` per job attribute to allow forwarding txs submitted by the job.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the `hexencode` and `base64encode` tasks (pipeline). See the [Hex Encode Task](/docs/jobs/task-types/hexencode/) and [Base64 Encode Task](/docs/jobs/task-types/base64encode/) pages for examples.
- `forwardingAllowed` per job attribute to allow forwarding txs submitted by the job.
```
